docs: Update README (#854)
bpfman/bpfman: README.md

## Welcome to bpfman

bpfman operates as an eBPF manager, focusing on simplifying the deployment and administration of eBPF programs. Its notable features encompass:

- **System Overview**: Provides insights into how eBPF is utilized in your system.
- **eBPF Program Loader**: Includes a built-in program loader that supports program cooperation for XDP and TC programs, as well as deployment of eBPF programs from OCI images.
- **eBPF Filesystem Management**: Manages the eBPF filesystem, facilitating the deployment of eBPF applications without requiring additional privileges.

> Our program loader and eBPF filesystem management ensure the secure deployment of eBPF applications. Furthermore, bpfman seamlessly integrates a Kubernetes operator, extending these capabilities to Kubernetes. This allows users to confidently deploy eBPF through custom resources across nodes in a cluster.enables users to securely deploy eBPF using custom resources across nodes in a cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our program loader and eBPF filesystem manager ensure the secure deployment of eBPF applications. Furthermore, bpfman includes a Kubernetes operator, extending these capabilities to Kubernetes. This allows users to confidently deploy eBPF through custom resource definitions across nodes in a cluster.
```

Reviewer: Change this nit below as well please
